{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red202\green202\blue202;\red255\green255\blue255;\red27\green27\blue27;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c83137\c83137\c83137;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c14118\c14118\c14118;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
Requirements:
\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 Any element in the basic model is not allowed to be deleted. And it\'92s free to do any extension, but you're not allowed to delete any element in the model provided.
\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 We provide the Db4O database. All users\'92 information must be stored in the database.
\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 We have 4 kinds of users in this system(it\'92s free to have more elements in the system):
\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 System Administrator: It\'92s able to have all authority in this system(create, modify, delete restaurants managers, delivery men, and customers)
\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 Restaurant manager: is able to modify their menu, decide to accept the order or not, choose a delivery man to finish this order.
\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 Delivery man: in charge of bringing food to customers.
\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 Customer: is able to place orders, and after that is able to write the comment toward this order.
\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 Usernames and passwords for each kind of user are required.
\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 All kinds of users must have different work areas(It means that when a user successfully login through the same user interface, the user must have different panels to continue their operations.
\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 You're free to do any modification to the following Java skeleton.
\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 Please initialize a few test cases before you start your code review.
\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 Multiple commits are required. One direct commit containing the complete project is not acceptable.
\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
}